She could feel the cold, wet pavement against her cheek and the tears streaming across her face as she lay helpless, consciousness quickly fading and shielding her belly as tightly as she could without causing a self incision from the pressure of her titanium arm. "No", she screamed, "I'll never let you take our baby"...

Ophelia is one of the government's most successful cyborg experiments. Trained in over 17 different combat styles with a 100% defense mission efficiency rate, yet, she has assimilated into normal living society carrying on about typical daily habits as perfectly as one could hope. She cheerfully works as a barista in one of the US's most thriving cities, Pandora, lives with her cat, Snookers, and binge watches her favorite shows on Netflix during her downtime just like any other human being.

She is prepped and ready to be unveiled at the nation's first CIP event. CIP is the Cyborg Introduction Program that guides humans of the world into adjusting to a life where they live amongst the government's new breed of metahumans. Recruited when she was only 2 years old after being left orphaned by her mother who was declared medically unfit to care for her child and placed in an asylum, she has no recollection of things before becoming a cyborg.

As far as anyone knows, Ophelia's life is pretty great.

However, deep down inside, Ophelia feels like something was missing.

Growing up as a cyborg has had it's up and downs. Being created in Seattle, Opehlia grew up amongst humans. While Ophelia could do anything that was humanly impossible, she was unable to do anything "human"-ly. Ophelia had a hard time controling the strength of her limbs and would sometimes use full force without noticing. She would be chosen for all kinds of sports at recess time for her abilities: kicking the ball thousands of miles away, jumping at great heights and running at the speed of light. One might think this makes Ophelia look like a superhero, but Ophelia wanted to feel "normal." She wanted to compete with her fellow classmates on the same level and actually have some competition without dominating the game. She would always be given special treatment, be the highlight of the class or be prasied without reason. But, she didn't want to be in the spotlight - she just wanted to a live normally as a human would.

That's where Pandora comes in. A city of technology, a city for humankinds greatest inventions -  a city of hope. Moving away from Seattle to Pandora was one of Ophelia's greatest decisions in life: she was surrounded by "people" like her. Pandora contains over millions of lifeformsm, all living in harmony: humans, robots, aliens, you name it. Here, Ophelia didn't feel like the superhero. She wasn't in the spotlight; she felt like a normal person amongst society. 

Today was like any other day in her new city -- calm and comforting. Ophelia works as a RoBarista in Pandora’s famous coffee chain, Vulcan Coffee. She feels a sense of community in Pandora compared to Seattle and has even met some friends here at the shop. When she first started work at Vulcan, she was so nervous because of her experiences working in the Emerald City. In Seattle, humans used to always humiliate her with their computer tricks. Ophelia can’t even count the times someone would enter a ridiculous name for her to call in her robotic voice. She specifically remembers a 12 year old human who decided it would be funny to enter “butt head” as their name and, as soon as she said it, the entire place broke out in laughter. Things are different in Pandora; she feels respected in her new community and job. Her boss always gives her several breaks to update or recharge and her current hourly wage is allowing her to save up to get a two bedroom apartment. She is not sure why she needed a two bedroom, she doesn’t really know anyone outside of Pandora that would visit her,  but something deep down inside made her think she will need that extra room some day. 
“Ophelia, have you given it more thought?”

One of her cohorts, a human, disturbed Ophelia from her resting state during break. Ophelia blinked a few times as her glass eyes adjusted from rest, and her memory started to run through what her coworker may have asked her about. 'Oh that'. Ophelia turned toward her coworker, “I have an appointment with a professor today.” She browsed the Test Bulletin earlier this week. The Test Bulletin is similar to a job board, but instead of jobs, it posts the need for ‘human-like AI’ to be a part of a study. Usually affiliated with a university and a Professor that needs a cyborg for their research. It gives ‘people’ like Ophelia a chance to prove that they can be good and useful to the rest of society. 

This Test was different though. It would give Ophelia the chance to mother a human child. Snookers is a wonderful companion, but Ophelia has recently been feeling that maybe extra company in her life would give some more meaning to it. Back in Seattle, Ophelia would often see families out and about, frequently stopping by her cafe for hot chocolate or a cookie. Although she had some negative experiences with older kids, Ophelia noticed that the younger children were more curious about her. They wanted to get to know her. Asked her questions. Their curiosity in turn sparked Ophelia’s. 'What if I raised a child of my own?'

Ophelia thought about this question for the rest of her shift. By the end of her work day, she made sure there was enough energy stored in her battery, downloaded the map of Pandora University, and made her way over. Ophelia easily found the Test Center and met the professor.  

When Ophelia arrived at the Test Center, the staff was extremely excited to see her due to the fact that they had never run an experiment like this one before. Having a robot become the mother of a human child may not sound like the most ideal situation, but the Test Center was very optimistic that the results would turn out very positive. Ophelia was optimistic as well. She has been wanting a child for some time now, and this was finally her chance to be able to prove to herself that she is able to. 

After jumping through all the hoops of paperwork and background checks, Ophelia was finally ready to be the mother to a child. Because Ophelia is cyborg (half human half robot), she does in fact have a reproductive system, which makes the entire experiement possible to be done. They artificially impregnated her, and she is now ready to spend the next 9 months as an expecting mother, and hopefully an actual mother at the end of pregnancy.
